{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18220\viewh15380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\i\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How well does the game accomplish what you set out to do?\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\i0 		I think my game accomplishes my vision and goals that I set out with. I wanted to create a multi-layered interactive fiction version of an escape room, and I think it does that well. 
\f0\i \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 Discuss a time when you got stuck, and how you got unstuck.\
		
\f1\i0 I got stuck creating a door that could be picked with an unfolded paperclip, but using the Inform 7 Handbook to learn how to create custom actions and object states helped me move along. 
\f0\i \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 Describe each of three puzzles in your game and how to solve each puzzle\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\i0 \cf3 	Closet door lock ~ You\'92re going to have to pick the lock to get in to this one. Find a paperclip from a drawer in the desk (NW zone) and unfold it to pick the lock open. \
\pard\tx720\tx1150\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf3 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Large paintings ~ Each \'93zone\'94 of the main room has a large painting hanging on a wall. The painting in the SW zone looks a little suspicious and out of place. Move 	it out of the way with the help of the NPC (its large and heavy) to reveal a locked door to the hidden room. Player will have found the key in the pocket of a jacket in 	the closet. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
{\listtext	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Breaking out~ The player will find a string of numbers on a computer screen in the hidden room. Get a hint from that poster hanging above the desk to use the code 	}to escape.  \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx20\tx360\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Discuss the gameplay mechanics in your game and how they improve the user's experience.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx20\tx360\pardeftab720\li360\fi-360\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1\i0 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
There is a time limit built in to the game, to add the pressure element experienced in real life breakout. Players have 60 minutes (each turn = 1 minute) to break out. 	}This is sufficient for most people to break out. 
\f0\i \cf2 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \

\f1\i0 	Additionally, the navigation in the main room is set up so the player isn\'92t over saturated with their surroundings and objects at one time, allowing them to contemplate 	and examine better. 
\f0\i \
\
Discuss the beta testing process: Who tested your game?\'a0\
	
\f1\i0 Kai G. beta tested my game. He played through the game while I took notes, trying to not intervene much with his play. \

\f0\i \
How did their feedback affect your game?\'a0\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf2 	It was very insightful to see what someone not familiar with the story line would try to do, and where hints needed to be reinforced. It ultimately contributed massively 	to the playability of my game. 
\f0\i \cf2 \
\
Whose game did you beta test?\'a0\
	
\f1\i0 I beta tested Kai G.\'92s game. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf2 \
What feedback were you able to give?\
	
\f1\i0 I was able to help Kai with the clarity of the map and hints in his game. 
\f0\i \
\
What are you most proud of?\
	
\f1\i0 I am most proud of the new coding techniques I used in this game, such as custom actions and states of objects. \

\f0\i \
What would you do differently next time?\
	
\f1\i0 I would like to set aside more time to write the story (non code) parts of the game.
\f0\i  }